[Music]
so are you afraid of certain colors
don't worry it just happens unless you
can hear them that my friend is a reason
to run
just kidding hearing colors is okay too
and what I'd like to hear is why my
purple soap bar always gives off white
foam hey if you're as confused as I am
then stay with me here's my list number
one have you noticed that gasoline
puddles sparkle like rainbows gas
doesn't mix with water but forms a thin
membrane over it when light reflects
from this membrane and the water at the
same time you've got a rainbow to Greek
and Roman sculptures weren't meant to be
white
they'd been painted in bright colors but
time destroyed the paint three Pantone
four for 8c is the most unattractive
color for people it's a drab dark brown
most people associate it with mud swamps
and stickiness don't even think of
painting the interior of your home with
this for the most pleasant colors are
red and blue the color red is beautiful
and powerful amidst other colors it
attracts your attention the color blue
inspires confidence and call when you
see it you can't keep your eyes off of
it maybe that's why we check Facebook so
often five white noise is the noise from
an empty radio or TV channel it's
possibly so called because this sound is
neutral as the color white in addition
to white noise there are red gray pink
and many other noises since polar bears
are actually black at least their skin
is it helps absorb more heat from the
Sun well the unusual white fur doesn't
reflect the sunlight allowing it to pass
through seven the Sun is neither yellow
nor orange it
we see it as bright yellow because the
atmosphere changes the color spectrum of
the Sun 8 what we call color is just the
ability of our eyes to distinguish
electromagnetic waves of different
lengths
simply put colors don't really exist our
brains make them up with the help from
our eyes 9 vantablack is the blackest
substance in the world it absorbs 99% of
light 10 it's impossible to come up with
a new color you can only come up with a
new name for it we already know all the
existing colors that the human eye can
see some birds though are able to see
other colors that humans can't recognize
11 there are impossible colors in the
world such as red green or yellow blue
the human eye can perceive the
combination of these tones but
scientists have come up with tricks and
smart ways to see them 12 flamingos
aren't born pink these birds feed on
unique algae and crustaceans and their
feathers turn pink over time thanks to
such lunches 11 nature's given butterfly
such beautiful colored wings so that
they could hide from enemies often the
butterfly's pattern is similar to that
of the flower it feeds on so the insect
can hide on it from frogs or birds
butterfly wing patterns also resemble a
big phase and scares off enemies while
attracting other butterflies during the
mating season 14 jellyfish are among the
most colorless creatures in the world
they look like that because their body
is 98% water 15 one of the most colorful
creatures in the world is a golden
pheasant it has golden brown purple
green white and red colors in its
feathers yeah a chameleon can take on
any color but pheasants colors are more
intense 16 the black box on airplanes is
actually orange and it isn't a box
either but a cylinder 17 older people
are more likely to see black-and-white
dreams than younger ones
this happens because they used to watch
monochrome television really 18 there
are people who can hear colors and
unusual activity occurs in their brains
which is associated with both vision and
hearing simultaneously 19 if you take
all the colors of the universe and put
them in one box the mix will be pale tan
similar to the color of coffee with
cream
it's called cosmic latte the color of
the universe hey I'll have a double shot
with that 20 after the big bang I wasn't
around then the temperature of the
universe was so high that particles of
light photons couldn't appear after
hundreds of thousands of years the
universe cooled slightly and photons
illuminated it with a bright orange
color of plasma energy it was the very
first color in the universe 21 we have a
lot of multicolored soap but soap foam
is always white to find out why imagine
that you've made a soap bubble see how
it shimmers with different colors the
bubble is too thin so it can't absorb
light but the light is distorted and
reflected inside and on the surface of
the bubble because of this it looks
multicolored well in reality it's just
white
so foam is a huge number of bubbles that
get lit up and because of their sheer
amount they look white just as they
should
22 women distinguish shades of red much
better than men so they're 23 some
people have chroma phobia they are
terrified of some colors for example
xantho phobia is a fear of the color
yellow people with such a phobia are
afraid of the Sun daffodils yellow paint
and smiley faces 24 red is the first
color that a newborn baby can recognize
it starts to see all colors by 4 to 6
months 25 pink has a calming and
relaxing effect this color suppresses
anger and irritation in a person some
American football teams paint the
opponent's visiting locker rooms in pink
so that they become blacks 26 white and
bright gray colors are the safest for
cars according to statistics cars of
such colors are least likely to get into
an accident 27 I color may change in
some children from birth to teenage
years sometimes shades of eye color can
even change in adults it depends on the
environment or nutrition 28 the
combination of red and yellow colors
increases your appetite if you don't
believe me then try to recall what
colors are used by such companies as
McDonald's KFC and others 29 colors can
change the taste of the same food for
example hot chocolate from an orange
colored mug will seem tastier to you
than if you drink it from a red one
there are many such color tricks that
can make your food more delicious
30 why to highlight an essential point
in your text do it with a yellow
highlighter this color won't leave a
shadow if you scan and photocopy the
document 31 we see everything in green
through night-vision goggles or camera
this is because the human eye can
distinguish best between the shades of
green 32 now up until the 17th century
carrots were not Orange
but purple shocking isn't it what
happened well we're working on that
strange story for an upcoming video
33 American school buses are yellow
because this color is easier to notice
on the road well there's a bus 34 for
the same reason most rescue research
submarines are yellow - and this color
is one of the last that can be seen from
the deep sea 35 sulphur is a
multicolored substance it melts into a
red liquid burns blue and is a yellow
solid 36 mantis shrimp have the most
complicated eyes they're able to see ten
times more colors than people
37 green is used for chromakey because
it's easiest to remove during
post-production of a movie actor skin
doesn't have shades of green so there's
no harm to the main picture when they
remove backgrounds if you need to shoot
something in green you can use the blue
chroma key hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life